Shut up!
We're all pissed off!
I am sorry...
You're the mom.
Shut the kid up!
Come on... Gimme a break.
Who brings a baby onto a packed train
during rush hour?
Don't you feel sorry for the kid?
Yes?
Finally. Where are you?
Heading to my temp job. Why?
I'm at the hospital.
What's wrong?
I'm pregnant.
What?
- Excuse me.
- What?
Nothing.
I know we broke up...
But. which is it?
Can't decide can you?
You've always been unsure about...
being a fa...
...by the doctor.
I need to know which...
You listening?
Yeah.
And...?
Are you okay?
Yes... Where is the hospital?
I'll ask if I can take the day off.
You don't have to.
No. I'll go.
I...
I've decided.
And you will...?
I...
Can't hear you.
Hello?
You're breaking up.
No signal...
What?
What the...
Damn!
Not this way.
Zero...
Not working.
Locked!
It's changed.
"Information"?
"Do not overlook any anomalies.
If you find an anomaly..."
"If you do not find any anomalies..."
"Go out from Exit 8."
"Do not overlook any anomalies."
"If you find an anomaly.
turn back immediately."
"If you do not find any anomalies.
do not turn back."
"Go out from Exit 8."
Do not overlook any anomalies.
If you find an anomaly. turn back immediately.
If you do not find any anomalies.
do not turn back.
Go out from Exit 8.
Anomalies...
Was that blood an anomaly?
Excuse me... Where's Exit 8?
Anomalies... What does...
Anomalies...
What?
Do not overlook any anomalies.
Anomalies.
I have to find one.
Exit 8.
Dentist.
Escher.
Judicial scrivener.
Man.
Cosmetic surgery.
High-paying job.
Subway manners.
Security camera.
Fire hydrant.
Door. Door.
Vent.
Door.
Backside.
Okay.
Lockers.
Blanket.
Photo booth.
Goes up.
So now...
Why?
What the...!
Exit 8.
Dentist.
Escher.
Judicial scrivener.
Man.
Cosmetic...
Anomaly.
Turn back.
"2"?
It's 2 now.
Exit 8.
Dentist.
Escher.
Judicial scrivener.
Cosmetic surgery.
Man.
High-paying job.
Subway manners.
Security camera.
Fire hydrant.
Door.
Vent.
Door. Vent.
Okay.
Okay. No anomalies.
"3."
Exit 8.
Dentist.
Escher.
Man.
Judicial scrivener.
Cosmetic surgery.
High-paying job.
Subway manners.
Security camera.
Fire hydrant.
Door. Door.
Vent.
Door. Vent.
Okay. No anomalies.
What?
Where is it?
Here it is.
Four to go.
Exit 8.
Dentist.
Escher.
Judicial scrivener.
Cosmetic surgery.
Man.
High-paying job. Subway manners.
Security camera.
Fire hydrant. Door.
Door.
Vent.
Door. Vent.
Okay.
Lockers. One. two. three.
One. two. three. One. two. three...
Blanket. Cups. Photo booth.
Okay. No anomalies.
Good.
Three to go.
Exit 8.
Dentist.
Escher.
Judicial scrivener.
Man.
Okay.
Cosmetic surgery.
High-paying job.
Subway manners.
Security camera.
Fire hydrant. Door. Door. Vent...
Anomaly?
Door. Vent.
応答
Hello?
Finally...
Where are you?
Where...
I'm still underground.
Underground?
I keep going around in circles.
I can't get out.
You're bad with directions.
I'll be there soon.
What is it?
I...
can't decide.
I can't decide.
What should I do?
I've been mulling over what you said.
Yes.
Today...
on the subway...
this guy was yelling at a mother
holding her crying baby.
But...
nobody defended her.
Everyone just stared
at their phones.
The baby kept crying...
And...
I pretended not to notice
and got off.
Like everyone else.
If I'm like that...
how can I become a father?
I wanna get out of here.
I'll be waiting.
I'll find the exit and go there
as soon as I can.
I'll be waiting.
It's okay...
Anomaly.
Zero?
"Do not overlook any anomalies.
If you find an anomaly..."
I turned back...
So. it's not an anomaly then...?
What?
Are you lost?
Are you alone?
Is someone with you?
That's...
not a human anymore...
Yes!
Great.
Let's go.
Come on.
Exit 8. Vent. Electrical room.
Okay. Vent.
Okay.
Employees only. Sprinkler.
Fire hydrant. Okay.
Posters.
One. two. three. four.
Five. six. seven. Okay.
Lockers.
One. two. three. four. five...
Garbage. Photo booth.
Did you notice anything?
Did you?
Say something.
I can't read your mind.
Sorry.
I didn't mean to scare you.
Let's go.
Here we go.
We can do this.
Yes! Yes! Yes!
Yes!
Let's go.
Exit 8.
Vent. Electrical room. Okay.
Posters. Let's check together.
One. Two.
Three.
Let me know
if you notice something.
Five.
Excuse me.
Are you lost?
Uh... Yes...
I can't get out either.
Is it okay if I walk with you?
Oh... Sure. Of course.
This boy too.
I think he's also lost.
I see.
What do you think this place is?
I don't know.
Do you think...
we're dead?
Hell?
Purgatory?
Are we stuck in here
as punishment?
Hell?
Are you feeling guilty about something?
Guilty?
I'm just kidding.
Just an underground passage.
Let's go.
Come.
Did you notice something?
The man...
who always comes walking
from over there.
The man.
Older man.
Older man?
Definitely sus.
What?
He hasn't appeared this time.
- But...
- Is this an anomaly?
Uh... Well...
Hey.
You really wanna go back?
Won't you be happier staying here?
Going to work on the packed train
doing the same thing...
day after day.
Now THAT sounds like hell. So sad!
Sad?
Going to work on the packed train
doing the same thing...
day after day.
Now THAT sounds like hell. So sad!
Going to work on the packed train
doing the same thing...
day after day.
Now THAT sounds like...
What's the matter?
Hey.
Are you okay?
Hey... Miss!
Are you okay?!
What happened?
What?
So sad!
Going to work on the packed train.
doing the same thing day after day.
Now THAT sounds like hell. So sad!
My voice? What the hell?!
Go to work. Doing the same thing...
Not this way.
Anomaly... Anomaly...!
Anomaly!
Let's go!
What was that?
"6."
Let's go.
Two to go.
Exit 8.
Vent. Electrical room. Okay.
Posters. One. two...
three. four. five.
Monster...
Five. six. seven.
No anomalies. right?
You sure?
If we're wrong.
we're stuck in here forever.
What is it?
Are you still scared?
Don't be.
Don't be scared!
Come on. Let's go.
Come on.
Lockers. One. two. three. four...
Garbage. Photo booth.
No anomalies. Okay.
Come on. look more carefully!
What kind of information is this?!
Screw this!
I'm in a hurry!
I would have met my son today!
Why?!
Sorry about that.
Let's go.
Okay... Okay...
Right. Eight to go.
Eight to go.
Outside...
Yes... Finally...
I can get out.
Come on! Let's go!
Let's go.
I'm not guilty.
Not guilty!
Anomaly.
So. it's not an anomaly then...?
What?
Are you lost?
Are you alone?
Is someone with you?
That's not...
a human anymore.
Fire hydrant. Door. Door.
Vent.
Door.
No anomalies.
Aren't you coming?
Lockers. One. two. three.
One. two. three.
Blanket. Cups. Photo booth.
No anomalies.
Zero...
Start over.
Exit 8.
Dentist.
Escher.
Judicial scrivener.
Man.
Cosmetic surgery.
High-paying job.
Subway manners.
Security camera.
Fire hydrant. Door. Door.
Vent. Door.
Vent.
What?
It's different...
Anomaly.
Wait. An anomaly!
Hey!
Gimme a break...
Seriously? Start over again?
Let's go.
Exit 8.
Dentist.
Escher.
Judicial scrivener.
Man.
Cosmetic surgery.
High-paying job.
Subway manners.
Security camera.
Fire hydrant.
Door. Door. Vent.
Door. Vent. Okay.
No anomalies.
Let's go.
Anomaly.
We have to go back.
Okay.
Exit.
What?
Phone...
Okay.
"3."
What? You're...
- Mom?
- What?
I'm sorry. Mom...
What...? Mom...?
- Mom!
- Wait.
- It's not your mom.
- Mom!
- Let me go.
- No.
No. This is...
Mom!
- Let's turn back.
- Mom!
Mom!
Mom...
Which is it?
Are you okay?
Did you get separated from your mom?
On purpose...
I got lost...
on purpose.
Why?
I wanted her to find me.
Yeah?
I've done that too.
Is she scary?
When she gets mad.
I guess all moms are like that.
Your dad?
Never met him.
I see.
Same here.
Well then. you better go back
to your mom.
I have to go back too.
Come on.
Let's go.
Exit 8.
Upside down.
You're right.
It's upside down.
Let's turn back.
Three to go.
Exit 8.
Okay.
Dentist. Escher.
Judicial scrivener.
Man.
Cosmetic surgery.
High-paying job.
Subway manners.
Hey.
What do you wanna do
if we can get out?
Pizza.
Pizza?
Eat pizza with extra cheese.
Sounds good.
I...
don't know anymore.
That's pretty.
Here.
For good luck.
Good luck?
Thanks.
Come on.
Two to go.
Exit 8.
- Okay.
Dentist. Escher.
Judicial scrivener.
Man.
Okay.
Cosmetic surgery.
High-paying job.
Subway manners.
Security camera.
- Okay.
Fire hydrant. Door.
Come closer.
Oh... He's getting wet...
Yeah.
Dad!
So. which is it?
Which...?
He's calling you.
You're a dad now.
Sometimes...
I don't know...
what is right.
No one really knows what's right.
But. you'll be okay.
You'll protect him.
And one day... he will. too.
Mom!
What is it?
Oh. pretty.
You should keep it for good luck.
Dad. for good luck.
Too tight.
Sorry.
Come on.
Wanna play? Let's go!
Watch out! Run!
It'll be okay.
One last time...
Exit 8.
Dentist.
Escher.
Judicial scrivener.
Man.
Cosmetic surgery.
High-paying job.
Subway manners.
Security camera.
Fire hydrant. Door.
Door. Vent. Door.
Vent.
Lockers. One. two. three...
Blanket. Cups. Photo booth.
No anomalies.
Okay.
Hi...
Hello.
Where are you?
Still at the hospital.
Heading your way.
So. which is it?
Well. I...
I'll be right there.
Shut up!
We're all pissed off!
I am sorry...
You're the mom.
Shut the kid up!
Come on... Gimme a break.
Who brings a baby onto a packed train
during rush hour?
Don't you feel sorry for the kid?
What are you looking at?
You think I'm wrong?!